An email with title: Long term contract- Data Engineer (Lambda and SQL). was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 11:46 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Data Engineer.  It's location was Remote.  The employment type was Long Term contract.  It had the required skills: AWS, Matillion, Snowflake, Lambda, SQL. 

An email with title: W2 Contract //Data Analyst // Remote (Only PST Candidate ) was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 11:40 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Data Analyst.  It's location was Remote ( West Coast).  The employment type was Contract.  It had the required skills: SQL, Azure, Power BI, DataBricks, Elicit Requirements, Analytics, Reporting, healthcare, TSQL, Power BI, Data Visualization, Synapse, NLP, R, Python, AI. 

An email with title: HBITS-05-12948 - Data Warehouse Developer with Medicaid domain - 30 months - Albany, NY(Day 1 onsite) was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 11:35 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Data Warehouse Developer.  It's location was Albany, NY(Day 1 onsite).  The employment type was c2c.  It had the required skills: public health information, medicaid, data warehouse, requirements, microsoft business applications, reporting, data analysis, data mining, databases, government. 

An email with title:  I just left you a Voicemail for Machine Learning Engineer/AI Engineer Rose Job Opportunity 448392! was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 11:25 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Machine Learning Engineer/AI Engineer.  It's location was USA, CA, Cupertino.  The employment type was not given.  It had the required skills: not given. 

An email with title: JD // Automation Engineer // Remote but Oakland, CA (MUST LIVE IN CA & work PST Hour) was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 09:34 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Automation Engineer.  It's location was Oakland, CA (MUST LIVE IN CA & work PST Hour).  The employment type was contract.  It had the required skills: testing web-based applications, web technology and environments, design, development, and analysis of software, software testing, Interpersonal skills, work independently, defect management, JavaScript, source control, sql, test complete (SmartBear), test automation tools. 

An email with title: Data Scientist - Healthcare Client experience || Seattle, WA and Boston, MA (onsite) was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 09:27 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Data Scientist.  It's location was Seattle,WA and Boston, MA( Day 1 onsite).  The employment type was Long Term Contract.  It had the required skills: analyze data, predictive models, bachelors degree Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Computer Engineering, healthcare, AI/ML, machine learning, big data, prototype, optimize current machine learning pipelines, elicit requirements.

An email with title: Contract to Permanent Hire : Business Analyst : Remote was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 09:11 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Business Analyst.  It's location was Remote.  The employment type was contract.  It had the required skills: big data, keyword search, text processing, AI, contract management, supply chain, full lifecycle enterprise application implementation, requirements gathering, funcitonal design, bachelors degree, communication skills. 

An email with title: Lead Data Scientist - O'Fallon, MO (Hybrid) was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 07:16 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Lead Data Scientist.  It's location was O'Fallon, MO (Hybrid).  The employment type was contract.  It had the required skills: Masters or PhD in mathematics, statistics, computer science, or related fields, lead large data science projects, research, communication skills, predictive, batch, streaming, python, R, hadoop, spark, MySQL, anomaly detection, supervised learning, unsupervised learning, time-series, natural language processing, Numpy, SciPy, Pandas, Scikit-learn, Tensorflow, Keras, NLTK, Gensim, BERT, NetworkX, organized, self motivated, data visualization. 

An email with title: Urgent || Data Scientist/Engineer || Location - Las Vegas, NV was sent to job seeker Scot Shields on Tuesday, August 22, 2023 at 06:54 AM PDT.  It was for the position of Data Scientist/Engineer.  It's location was Las Vegas, NV.  The employment type was contract.  It had the required skills: statistical programming languages, R, Python, sql, hive, pig, scala, java, C++, statistics, statistical tests, distributions, regression, maximum likelihood estimators, machine learning,k-Nearest Neighbors, Naive Bayes, SVM, Decision Forests, Data Wrangling, Data Visualization, matplotlib, ggplot, d3.js., Tableau, Communication Skills, Software Engineering, Problem-solving, analytical, degree.